OSDOCS-15903-17: Created a release note for removed support TLS custo… (#98317)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-17-release-notes.adoc

[id="ocp-4-17-removed-features_{context}"]
=== Removed features

[id="ocp-4-17-tls-1-2-ciphers_{context}"]
==== Removed support for TLS 1.2 custom profile ciphers

{product-title} no longer supports the following Transport Layer Security (TLS) 1.2 cipher suites that formed part of the custom TLS profile:

* `TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256`
* `TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384`
* `TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA`
* `TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA`
* `TLS_RSA_WITH_3DES_EDE_CBC_SHA`

> If you attempt to use any of these cipher suites, you might not get the expected behavior. As alternatives to using these cipher suites, use any of the ciphers defined in the `tlsProfile.TLSProfileIntermediateType.ciphers` API property. For example: such as the following ciphers suites:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you attempt to use any of these cipher suites, you might not get the expected behavior. 

If you must use TLS v1.2, use only the v1.2 ciphers listed in the [intermediate profile](https://github.com/openshift/api/blob/4bbb180684bc837f5b92696cd29c16442e2c57de/config/v1/types_tlssecurityprofile.go#L288-L303) to make sure v1.2 is chosen correctly in the TLS handshake.  In a Custom TLS profile, they may be replaced with stronger ciphers from TLS v1.2, such as:

```

Author: :heavy_check_mark:

* `ECDHE-ECDSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256`
* `ECDHE-RSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256`

> * `ECDHE-ECDSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384`

Author: :heavy_check_mark:

Modern and Intermediate TLS security profiles provide stronger security options when compared to custom TLS security profiles.

> 

Author: :heavy_check_mark:

[id="ocp-4-17-removed-features_{context}"]
=== Removed features

[id="ocp-4-17-tls-1-2-ciphers_{context}"]
==== Removed support for TLS 1.2 custom profile ciphers

> {product-title} no longer supports the following Transport Layer Security (TLS) 1.2 cipher suites that formed part of the custom TLS profile:

Reviewer: Clarification: the custom TLS profile is self-created, so these ciphers didn't "form" any part of the custom TLS profile.
```suggestion
{product-title} no longer supports the following Transport Layer Security (TLS) 1.2 cipher suites.  Including them as a part of a custom TLS profile for TLS v1.2 will not give you the results you expect:
```

Reviewer: It seems like this change didn't make it in the final push.

* `TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256`
* `TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384`
* `TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA`
* `TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA`
* `TLS_RSA_WITH_3DES_EDE_CBC_SHA`

If you attempt to use any of these cipher suites, you might not get the expected behavior.

> If you must use TLS v1.2, use only v1.2 cipher suites from the Intermediate TLS profile type, such as any of the following cipher suites:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you must use TLS v1.2, use only v1.2 cipher suites from the Intermediate TLS profile type to ensure that v1.2 is chosen correctly in the TLS handshake.  The following cipher suites can be used as replacements for the five that were deprecated:
```

Author: :heavy_check_mark:
